README.md, before:

# New Project Template
This repo is a template for quickly starting new open source programming
projects. The goal is to have everything you may need to publish the project to
the world already written and available. After you copy this repo, you will
want to modify this section to give an overview of the project. For this
version of the file, we'll provide some links to help you write better Markdown (md) files:

* [GitHub's Mastering Markdown Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
* [A Great Markdown Cheatsheet by Adam Pritchard](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

# Getting Started
The easiest way to get started with using this Repo Template is to click the
green "Clone or download" drop-down menu in the upper right and choose
"Download ZIP".

Unzip the files and open a command prompt in the folder. The most basic usage
of this script is:

    > python MyPythonScript.py
    This is some pretty output from my Python script

For more detailed usage, take a look at the `MyPythonScript.py --help` output.
For API details and more complex examples, take a look at the usage
documentation (insert link to Usage section of docs when available).

# Contributing
We always welcome contributions from others. For more details on ways you can help, see the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING) file.

# License
All files in this project are licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0. For more details about the license, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file or [the GNU LGPL website](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html). For more background on why we choose this license, see the license section of the documentation.

# Features
This section needs to be moved to the documentation. But, we'll leave it here until the documentation folder and files get created.

# Task List
This is a quick list of changes that I want to make to this template repo.
* Add all of the pieces recommended on this page: https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/
* Add a starter docs folder with sphinx style markup that could be loaded by ReadTheDocs.org
* Add a version.txt file and documentation saying we follow http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html
* Add template files for all of the major languages that give examples for coding style, documentation, etc.
* In the contributing section of the docs, talk about coding style, code of conduct, how to push change proposals, branch strategy, etc.
* In the getting started section of the docs, talk about how someone can get help or file an issue.
* Integrate the files for Python distributing following https://packaging.python.org/ and https://github.com/pypa/sampleproject
* Create unittest template and integrate with https://travis-ci.org/
* Integrate with [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io)
* Integrate with https://snyk.io/
* Integrate with https://codeclimate.com

Commit message:

Upgraded README based on latest commit
Added a readthedocs badge. Updated the Getting Started section to point to the online documentation. Removed the features section, as its on the online documentation.

README.md, after:

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/repotemplate/badge/?version=latest)](http://repotemplate.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

# New Project Template
This repo is a template for quickly starting new open source programming
projects. The goal is to have everything you may need to publish the project to
the world already written and available. After you copy this repo, you will
want to modify this section to give an overview of the project. For this
version of the file, we'll provide some links to help you write better Markdown (md) files:

* [GitHub's Mastering Markdown Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
* [A Great Markdown Cheatsheet by Adam Pritchard](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)


# Getting Started
The easiest way to get started with using this Repo Template is to click the
green "Clone or download" drop-down menu in the upper right and choose
"Download ZIP".

For more details, see the [Getting Started](http://repotemplate.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started.html) or [User Documentation](http://repotemplate.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-documentation.html) sections of the docs.


# Contributing
We always welcome contributions from others. For more details on ways you can help, see the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING) file.

# License
All files in this project are licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0. For more details about the license, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file or [the GNU LGPL website](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html). For more background on why we choose this license, see the license section of the documentation.


# Task List
This is a quick list of changes that I want to make to this template repo.
* Add all of the pieces recommended on this page: https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/
* Add a starter docs folder with sphinx style markup that could be loaded by ReadTheDocs.org
* Add a version.txt file and documentation saying we follow http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html
* Add template files for all of the major languages that give examples for coding style, documentation, etc.
* In the contributing section of the docs, talk about coding style, code of conduct, how to push change proposals, branch strategy, etc.
* In the getting started section of the docs, talk about how someone can get help or file an issue.
* Integrate the files for Python distributing following https://packaging.python.org/ and https://github.com/pypa/sampleproject
* Create unittest template and integrate with https://travis-ci.org/
* Integrate with [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io)
* Integrate with https://snyk.io/
* Integrate with https://codeclimate.com
